Robert Kulagowski
grabber@schedulesdirect.org

v0.02 2012-09-07

This (beta) grabber uses the new Schedules Direct API for downloading
schedule information directly from Schedules Direct.

You must have the following perl modules installed for this script to
function correctly:

$ sudo apt-get install libwww-mechanize-perl libjson-perl libjson-xs-perl
if you're on Ubuntu.

tv_grab_na_sd.pl v0.02 2012-09-07
Usage: tv_grab_na_sd.pl [switches]

This script supports the following command line arguments.

--configure     Re-runs the configure sequence and ignores any existing
                tv_grab_na_sd.conf file. You may still pass login
                credentials and zipcode if you want to bypass interactive
                configuration.

--debug         Enable debug mode. Prints additional information
                to assist in troubleshooting any issues.

--username      Login credentials.
--password      Login credentials. NOTE: These will be visible in "ps".

--zipcode       When obtaining the channel list from Schedules Direct
                you can supply your 5-digit zip code or
                6-character postal code to get a list of cable TV
                providers in your area, otherwise you'll be
                prompted.  If you're specifying a Canadian postal
                code, then use six consecutive characters, no
                embedded spaces.

--help          This screen.

Bug reports to grabber@schedulesdirect.org  Include the .conf file and the
complete output when the script is run with --debug

When the script is run for the first time, if you don't pass --username
--password and --zipcode as command-line parameters, you'll be prompted for
your Schedules Direct account information.

Once your account has been validated, the script will download the list of
headends in your zip code / postal code. Type the number of the headend you
will be using. If you change your mind, type the same number to remove the
headend from the queue. You may select multiple headends.

When the headend selection phase is complete, the script will exit, and will
inform you to re-run the script to begin the download process.

When the script is run with a valid tv_grab_na_sd.conf file, it will
download to the current directory.
